i don't have to sell my soul
he's already in me
i don't need to sell my soul
he's already in me

i want to be adored
i want to be adored

i don't have to sell my soul
he's already in me
i don't need to sell my soul
he's already in me

i want to be adored
i want to be adored

adored

i want to be adored
you adore me
you adore me
you adore me
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i gotta be adored

i want to be adored
 i don't have to sell my soul
he's already in me
i don't need to sell my soul
he's already in me

i want to be adored
i want to be adored

i don't have to sell my soul
he's already in me
i don't need to sell my soul
he's already in me

i want to be adored
i want to be adored

adored

i want to be adored
you adore me
you adore me
you adore me
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i gotta be adored

i want to be adored
 i don't have to sell my soul
he's already in me
i don't need to sell my soul
he's already in me

i want to be adored
i want to be adored

i don't have to sell my soul
he's already in me
i don't need to sell my soul
he's already in me

i want to be adored
i want to be adored

adored

i want to be adored
you adore me
you adore me
you adore me
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i gotta be adored

i want to be adored
 i don't have to sell my soul
he's already in me
i don't need to sell my soul
he's already in me

i want to be adored
i want to be adored

i don't have to sell my soul
he's already in me
i don't need to sell my soul
he's already in me

i want to be adored
i want to be adored

adored

i want to be adored
you adore me
you adore me
you adore me
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i gotta be adored

i want to be adored
 i don't have to sell my soul
he's already in me
i don't need to sell my soul
he's already in me

i want to be adored
i want to be adored

i don't have to sell my soul
he's already in me
i don't need to sell my soul
he's already in me

i want to be adored
i want to be adored

adored

i want to be adored
you adore me
you adore me
you adore me
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i want to be adored
i want to
i want to
i gotta be adored

i want to be adored
 