fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

in the morning
laughing, happy
fish heads
in the evening
floating in the soup

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

ask a fish head
anything you want to
they won't answer
they can't talk

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

i took a fish head
out to see a movie
didn't have to pay
to get it in

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

they can't play baseball
they don't wear sweaters
they're not good dancers
they don't play drums

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

rolly polly fish heads
are never seen drinking
cappacino in italian restaurants
with oriental women...yeah

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm...
(yummm)

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm
yeah!!!!!!!!!
 fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

in the morning
laughing, happy
fish heads
in the evening
floating in the soup

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

ask a fish head
anything you want to
they won't answer
they can't talk

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

i took a fish head
out to see a movie
didn't have to pay
to get it in

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

they can't play baseball
they don't wear sweaters
they're not good dancers
they don't play drums

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

rolly polly fish heads
are never seen drinking
cappacino in italian restaurants
with oriental women...yeah

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm...
(yummm)

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm
yeah!!!!!!!!!
 fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

in the morning
laughing, happy
fish heads
in the evening
floating in the soup

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

ask a fish head
anything you want to
they won't answer
they can't talk

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

i took a fish head
out to see a movie
didn't have to pay
to get it in

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

they can't play baseball
they don't wear sweaters
they're not good dancers
they don't play drums

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

rolly polly fish heads
are never seen drinking
cappacino in italian restaurants
with oriental women...yeah

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm...
(yummm)

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm
yeah!!!!!!!!!
 fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

in the morning
laughing, happy
fish heads
in the evening
floating in the soup

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

ask a fish head
anything you want to
they won't answer
they can't talk

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

i took a fish head
out to see a movie
didn't have to pay
to get it in

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

they can't play baseball
they don't wear sweaters
they're not good dancers
they don't play drums

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

rolly polly fish heads
are never seen drinking
cappacino in italian restaurants
with oriental women...yeah

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm...
(yummm)

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm
yeah!!!!!!!!!
 fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

in the morning
laughing, happy
fish heads
in the evening
floating in the soup

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

ask a fish head
anything you want to
they won't answer
they can't talk

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

i took a fish head
out to see a movie
didn't have to pay
to get it in

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

they can't play baseball
they don't wear sweaters
they're not good dancers
they don't play drums

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

rolly polly fish heads
are never seen drinking
cappacino in italian restaurants
with oriental women...yeah

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm...
(yummm)

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm

fish heads, fish heads
rolly polly fish heads
fish heads, fish heads
eat them up, yummm
yeah!!!!!!!!!
 