rescue me
take me in your arms
rescue me
i want your tender charm
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

come on, baby, and rescue me
come on, baby, and rescue me
'cause i need you by my side
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
come on and take my heart
take your love and conquer every part
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

come on, baby, and rescue me
come on, baby, and rescue me
'cause i need you by my side
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
take me in your arms
rescue me
i want your tender charm
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

(come on baby)
take me baby (take me baby)
hold me baby (hold me baby)
love me baby (love me baby)
can't you see i need you baby
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
come on and take my hand
c'mon, baby and be my man
'cause i love you
'cause i want you
can't you see that i'm lonely

mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
take me baby (take me baby)
love me baby (love me baby)
need me baby (need me baby)
mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
can't you see that i'm lonely
 rescue me
take me in your arms
rescue me
i want your tender charm
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

come on, baby, and rescue me
come on, baby, and rescue me
'cause i need you by my side
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
come on and take my heart
take your love and conquer every part
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

come on, baby, and rescue me
come on, baby, and rescue me
'cause i need you by my side
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
take me in your arms
rescue me
i want your tender charm
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

(come on baby)
take me baby (take me baby)
hold me baby (hold me baby)
love me baby (love me baby)
can't you see i need you baby
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
come on and take my hand
c'mon, baby and be my man
'cause i love you
'cause i want you
can't you see that i'm lonely

mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
take me baby (take me baby)
love me baby (love me baby)
need me baby (need me baby)
mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
can't you see that i'm lonely
 rescue me
take me in your arms
rescue me
i want your tender charm
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

come on, baby, and rescue me
come on, baby, and rescue me
'cause i need you by my side
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
come on and take my heart
take your love and conquer every part
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

come on, baby, and rescue me
come on, baby, and rescue me
'cause i need you by my side
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
take me in your arms
rescue me
i want your tender charm
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

(come on baby)
take me baby (take me baby)
hold me baby (hold me baby)
love me baby (love me baby)
can't you see i need you baby
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
come on and take my hand
c'mon, baby and be my man
'cause i love you
'cause i want you
can't you see that i'm lonely

mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
take me baby (take me baby)
love me baby (love me baby)
need me baby (need me baby)
mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
can't you see that i'm lonely
 rescue me
take me in your arms
rescue me
i want your tender charm
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

come on, baby, and rescue me
come on, baby, and rescue me
'cause i need you by my side
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
come on and take my heart
take your love and conquer every part
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

come on, baby, and rescue me
come on, baby, and rescue me
'cause i need you by my side
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
take me in your arms
rescue me
i want your tender charm
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

(come on baby)
take me baby (take me baby)
hold me baby (hold me baby)
love me baby (love me baby)
can't you see i need you baby
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
come on and take my hand
c'mon, baby and be my man
'cause i love you
'cause i want you
can't you see that i'm lonely

mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
take me baby (take me baby)
love me baby (love me baby)
need me baby (need me baby)
mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
can't you see that i'm lonely
 rescue me
take me in your arms
rescue me
i want your tender charm
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

come on, baby, and rescue me
come on, baby, and rescue me
'cause i need you by my side
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
come on and take my heart
take your love and conquer every part
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

come on, baby, and rescue me
come on, baby, and rescue me
'cause i need you by my side
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
take me in your arms
rescue me
i want your tender charm
'cause i'm lonely
and i'm blue
i need you
and your love too
come on and rescue me

(come on baby)
take me baby (take me baby)
hold me baby (hold me baby)
love me baby (love me baby)
can't you see i need you baby
can't you see that i'm lonely

rescue me
come on and take my hand
c'mon, baby and be my man
'cause i love you
'cause i want you
can't you see that i'm lonely

mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
take me baby (take me baby)
love me baby (love me baby)
need me baby (need me baby)
mmm-hmm (mmm-hmm)
can't you see that i'm lonely
 