all that she said was true
all that she said was true
give her some time
give her some space
all that she said was true

all that she meant was good
all that she meant was good
give her some time
give her some space
all that she meant was good

how you reacted was right
how you reacted was right
give her some time
give her some space
how you reacted was right
 all that she said was true
all that she said was true
give her some time
give her some space
all that she said was true

all that she meant was good
all that she meant was good
give her some time
give her some space
all that she meant was good

how you reacted was right
how you reacted was right
give her some time
give her some space
how you reacted was right
 all that she said was true
all that she said was true
give her some time
give her some space
all that she said was true

all that she meant was good
all that she meant was good
give her some time
give her some space
all that she meant was good

how you reacted was right
how you reacted was right
give her some time
give her some space
how you reacted was right
 all that she said was true
all that she said was true
give her some time
give her some space
all that she said was true

all that she meant was good
all that she meant was good
give her some time
give her some space
all that she meant was good

how you reacted was right
how you reacted was right
give her some time
give her some space
how you reacted was right
 all that she said was true
all that she said was true
give her some time
give her some space
all that she said was true

all that she meant was good
all that she meant was good
give her some time
give her some space
all that she meant was good

how you reacted was right
how you reacted was right
give her some time
give her some space
how you reacted was right
 